# IO.Swagger.model.webhooks.UserWebhook
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ApplicationDisplayName** | **string** | The display name of the application through which webhook is created | [optional] 
**ApplicationName** | **string** | The name of the application through which webhook is created | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | The unique identifier of the webhook. Will only be returned in GET request. Can&#39;t be modified in PUT request | [optional] 
**LastModified** | **DateTime?** | Timestamp when the webhook was last updated. Will only be returned in GET request. Can&#39;t be modified in PUT request | [optional] 
**Name** | **string** | The name of the webhook | [optional] 
**ResourceId** | **string** | Id of the resource type for which you want to create webhook. Provide agreementId if webhook needs to be created for an agreement. Similarly, widgetId if webhook needs to be created for a widget, megaSignId if webhook needs to be created for a megaSign and libraryDocumentId if webhook needs to be created for a library document. Need to specify only if scope is &#39;RESOURCE&#39;. Can&#39;t be modified in PUT request | [optional] 
**ResourceType** | **string** | The resource for which you want to create webhook. Need to specify only if scope is &#39;RESOURCE&#39;. Can&#39;t be modified in PUT request. The possible values are AGREEMENT, WIDGET,  MEGASIGN AND LIBRARY_DOCUMENT | [optional] 
**Scope** | **string** | Scope of webhook. Can&#39;t be modified in PUT request. The possible values are ACCOUNT, GROUP, USER or RESOURCE | [optional] 
**Status** | **string** | Status of the webhook. Determines whether the webhook will be actually triggered. Default: ACTIVE, if ACTIVE, this webhook will receive event requests. If INACTIVE, this webhook will not receive event requests. Can&#39;t provide status in POST/PUT requests. | [optional] 
**WebhookSubscriptionEvents** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Determines events for which the webhook is triggered. The possible values are &lt;br&gt; AGREEMENT_CREATED : When an agreement is created &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_ACTION_DELEGATED : When an agreement is delegated &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_RECALLED : When an agreement is recalled &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_REJECTED : When an agreement is rejected &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_EXPIRED : When an agreement expires &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_ACTION_COMPLETED : When an agreement action is completed &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_WORKFLOW_COMPLETED : When an agreement workflow is completed &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_EMAIL_VIEWED : When an agreement&#39;s email is viewed &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_MODIFIED : When an agreement is modified &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_SHARED : When an agreement is shared &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_VAULTED : When an agreement is vaulted &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_ACTION_REQUESTED : When an agreement action is requested &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_ACTION_REPLACED_SIGNER : When signer is replaced for an agreement &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_AUTO_CANCELLED_CONVERSION_PROBLEM : When an agreement is auto-cancelled due to conversion problem &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_DOCUMENTS_DELETED : When an agreement documents are deleted &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_EMAIL_BOUNCED : When an agreement email gets bounced &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_KBA_AUTHENTICATED : When an agreement KBA is authenticated &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_OFFLINE_SYNC : When an agreement is synced offline &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_USER_ACK_AGREEMENT_MODIFIED : User Acknowledgement when an agreement is modified &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_UPLOADED_BY_SENDER : When an agreement is uploaded by sender &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_WEB_IDENTITY_AUTHENTICATED : When an agreement web identity is authenticated &lt;br&gt;, AGREEMENT_ALL : All the supported agreement events for Webhooks &lt;br&gt;, MEGASIGN_CREATED : When a megaSign is created &lt;br&gt;, MEGASIGN_RECALLED : When a megaSign is recalled &lt;br&gt;, MEGASIGN_SHARED : When a megaSign is shared &lt;br&gt;, MEGASIGN_ALL : All the supported megaSign events for Webhooks &lt;br&gt;, WIDGET_CREATED : When a widget is created &lt;br&gt;, WIDGET_MODIFIED : When a widget is modified &lt;br&gt;, WIDGET_SHARED : When a widget is shared &lt;br&gt;, WIDGET_ENABLED : When a widget is enabled &lt;br&gt;, WIDGET_DISABLED : When a widget is disabled &lt;br&gt;, WIDGET_AUTO_CANCELLED_CONVERSION_PROBLEM : When a widget is auto-cancelled due to conversion problem &lt;br&gt;, WIDGET_ALL : All the supported widget events for Webhooks &lt;br&gt;, LIBRARY_DOCUMENT_CREATED : When a library document  is created &lt;br&gt;, LIBRARY_DOCUMENT_AUTO_CANCELLED_CONVERSION_PROBLEM : When a library document is auto-cancelled due to conversion problem &lt;br&gt;, LIBRARY_DOCUMENT_MODIFIED : When a library document is modified &lt;br&gt;, LIBRARY_DOCUMENT_ALL : All the supported library document  events for Webhooks | [optional] 
**WebhookUrlInfo** | [**WebhookUrlInfo**](WebhookUrlInfo.md) | Info of webhook url | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

